Hypr-Ecosystem/hyprsunset: add 'run at startup' section (#979)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Hypr Ecosystem/hyprsunset.md

See `hyprsunset --help`.

## Run at startup

> To autostart hyprsunset, add: `exec-once = hyprsunset` to your `hyprland.conf` . If you start Hyprland with [uwsm](../../Useful-Utilities/Systemd-start), you can also use `systemctl --user enable --now hyprsunset.service` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To autostart hyprsunset, add: `exec-once = hyprsunset` to your `hyprland.conf`.
Alternatively, use `systemctl --user enable --now hyprsunset.service` in order to use hyprsunset as a systemd user service.
```

Using the service and using uwsm are orthogonal.
